Nicer cli help output and generated cli reference (#2232)
dlt-hub/dlt: docs/website/docs/reference/command-line-interface-generated.md

---
title: Full Reference

> description: Command line interface (CLI) reference of dlt

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: An automatically generated reference for the dlt command line interface (CLI) 
```
